remaining packer content (#13285)
hashicorp/packer: website/content/docs/commands/init.mdx

---
description: |

>     The `packer init` command downloads and installs one or more plugin binaries specified in a Packer template written in HCL so that you can build artifacts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The `packer init` command downloads and installs the plugins specified in a Packer template.
```
